Hello everybody, welcome to Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California, from the Kodak Theater
in Hollywood, and the 174th Annual Academy Awards. This is Harmontown. Harmontown is
once again in session. Please welcome the Chairman of the Academy of Rosy Pictures and Sciences,
and the Mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon. Thank you. Thanks for coming out. It's Oscar
Nite. You shouldn't be expected to be here, and you're heroic for being here. We have
a heroically medium-sized audience. Are the Oscars still going on right now? I saw 17
fat guys in tuxedos walking down the road, which means it just let out, or they just
said, fuck it. Well, those guys, yeah, they're done, like the award for best fat guy. They're
like, fuck it. But there's probably still a couple as we're up here on stage right now.
Are they currently running right now? Yeah. Do we know any biggies? I won't watch it. Who
wants to be our live Tyler? Tyler's put up with his fair share of shit. He's always
got his iPhone. Tyler, get out your Oscar app, and let us know when the best director,
best movie, yeah, as they come in. What a fucking, I'm glad, I'm so glad I missed the
in memoriam this year. That's something I missed, because what a fucking, okay, so let's
start with that. Let's start with this really sad shit. Harold Ramis has shuffled, yeah,
you guys didn't do anything wrong. I just think that's a funny way to mourn. I think
that was just polite. No, I know, I know, I didn't do anything wrong. It's just funny
how we sound. It's funny how we behave. I never met Harold Ramis. I don't, I don't, I don't,
this is nothing. I, family members of mine have died that I have not, I just ass burger
it out. Like, I don't, I don't fucking care. Like, I have talked to grandfathers on the
phone the night before they went into surgery that they may or may not survive. And I have
talked to them and gone, good luck in that surgery and found out they didn't make it
and was like, well, and that's just a fact laid up against the fact that I was, when
I found out through Twitter that Harold Ramis died, I, my knees buckled and I sat on a piece
of flagstone on a sidewalk in Burbank. And I know that this is all about me. I'm not,
I know because I don't, I don't know this person. He's a celebrity. He's a stranger.
But he was an important celebrity to me and to so many people. And I, I wept publicly,
not publicly, like I was performing. I wept in public. I wept on a sidewalk in Burbank.
Tears running down my face for about 15 minutes. I was late to my next appointment. You hear
that Harold Ramis? So you felt more connected to a person that you never met than, than
to grandfathers. Yeah. And I don't know. I think it's important.
The important thing about that is that when people die, when celebrities die especially,
they, they're symbolic. They spend their lives symbolically, their deaths are symbolic too.
As a writer, most of my heroes, I choose very well because they commit suicide and you don't,
you don't mourn them. They, they mourn themselves and then they kill themselves. I, my heroes,
Spalding Gray, Hunter Thompson, like they, they do themselves in one way or another.
And in fact, Philip Seymour Hoffman, like, like fits into that category in a small way,
like the people that are really passionate, people that really like, they're incredible.
Yeah. They leave too soon, but there's something comforting about or something that you don't
have to deal with because if they, if they pursue this sort of brightly lit path, Harold
Ramis was not going down that path. 69 is too young to die for a man who wrote truly
like every comedy that we've, I remember being in the theater for Ghostbusters. Do you remember
where you were? Yes. Yes. Yes. Mike Olinberg's 12th birthday. We went to see Ghostbusters
and, and I had no idea. Back then you would in Milwaukee, there was no internet or anything.
But you were what, 10, 11? You must have been 11 or something like that. You'd go to see,
you'd see a poster outside to see a bunch of guys with some Ghostbuster clothes on. You go in,
you pay your ticket, you sit there. Unbelievable. But I mean, talk about Groundhog Day, like
Caddyshack. Caddyshack. It's just the, the, the, the list balls. Yeah. His, he, you don't
want to, you don't want to defile anybody's memory by comparing them to people, but the,
the extent to which we mourned John Hughes, like that means that we have to really observe
the incredible vacuum that is left by Harold Ramis because his movies were, the, the, we,
we quote them always. Like, wait, wait, wait, all of his jokes, all of his dialogue. And yet you
can't find a movie that he ever wrote that, that had any toxicity to it. There was never any, some,
some of them were sillier than others. Some of them were dumb, but in every single one of them,
the people that were heroes were the people that were underestimated. They were, they were people
that they were, they were people versus the system. And I think the thing that made me really
start weeping on the, on a sidewalk in Burbank was I, it was, it was totally narcissistic because
I never even thought about it. And I think that's a beauty. It's such a testament to his work is
that he just fit like a brick into a wall of, of, of all of our lives. He was just, and then,
and then only when it comes out, do you realize what's missing and only, only when you think
about what that means to you, do you realize something that you were holding onto? In my case,
I was, I was holding on to this idea that, that the good guys could live forever. And I didn't
count myself among them. I didn't, I figured I would be one of those other guys, but I also
thought that the good guys could live for at least 100 years, or, you know, if not forever,
I thought that, I thought that the guys that just made you feel good, I thought that they could earn
their way to some form of immortality or super mortality. And it's weird at 69 for somebody
of that caliber to die. Anyway, so I sat on a fucking like sidewalk, I don't know of any
celebrity that ever died that I ever wept for, and I'm crying now talking about it. It's, and
it's all personal, it's all weird. You're, for, for some cosmic mother to come to you and say to you,
you can't have that blanket anymore and take it away. And for you to suddenly realize there was
a blanket there, I never knew I had it. I didn't know, I didn't know that I thought that you could
write your way around death. I didn't know that I thought that Harold Ramis was going to live forever.
And then, and then he was gone. It was, it was, it was a gust of air, horrible, like weird narcissistic
fit that I had outside some hat shop. I'm afraid to even like, like, like you, like your eyes are
red and watery, like, if I start talking about it, I may cry for the same reason just saying and
also like, people that I look up to, I didn't realize, like you looked up to him, the eulogies
he got are unlike anybody's I've ever like, like there was a certain kind of eulogizing that went
on for Harold, where people were like, like he, like he affected people in a very specific way,
like it's really, really sad, but that he did achieve more immortality in that sense, you know.
Well, of course, yeah, but that's, you know, we want him to taste waffles for 40 extra years.
Like he did, I thought that he would outlive me. I didn't know that I thought that I thought that
when I died, the world I left would have Harold, an old Carol Ramis in it. I really did. I didn't
know that I thought that, but I really thought that. And it's, it's, it's an odd, strange thing.
You guys are 25. You've got your Jared Leto and you should hang on to him.
But what, what if the world takes him tomorrow?
What, what, what if, what if the world did and this, this podcast drops some moments before,
you know, Jared, Jared Leto began tonight's Oscars in an amazing fashion. It was, I went
to an Academy Awards once I was getting, if I told the story, I got it. I was getting my hair cut
like years ago. Well, it would have been the one where Holly Berry won Best Actress and
Sunni Poitier was there. And I think it was right after 9-11. Yeah. It doesn't one 2002.
Yeah. Whatever the one, the Academy Awards right after the planes hit the buildings. And, oh,
that was 9-11. The Academy Awards weren't on 9-11. Oh, oh, oh. Sorry. You were trying to remember
a date and years. Can I help? I was going to, I hope I haven't told the story before. I was going
to get my hair cut and as I'm walking up to the back door of the, of the place I get my hair cut
for many years, I realized, oh, it's Sunday. Like this guy's not even open on Sunday. What the
fuck am I thinking? And also why am I walking up without, without an appointment? And I walk in
and as I'm walking through, oh, it's Sunday. He won't be open, but the door is open. And it's,
my friend Bob, this stylist and he's there and he's cutting one woman's hair and she has two gowns
hung next to her where she's getting her hair cut. One beautiful white gown and one beautiful black
gown and she's getting a haircut. And I've never seen these two before. I've never seen this woman
before. And I go, oh, Bob, I'm sorry. Like it's not only Sunday, it's Academy Awards Sunday.
Like, I don't know what I was thinking. He goes, Jeff, hang on. And the woman whispers something
in his ear and he goes, Jeff, what are you doing tonight? And I go, nothing. He goes,
do you want to go to the Academy Awards? I was like, what? He goes, her date just backed out.
She has no dates. And she was, I won't get the specifics. She was, she had been nominated
for an award as a technical Academy Award for a film in the 90s. So she's allowed to go to the
Academy Awards. If I say the movie, you'll be able to triangulate who she is. And I won't be able to
talk shit about her for the rest of the story. She did all the props for nine and a half weeks.
She was the reason why you feel like that's Mickey Rooney's come.
Mickey Rooney. Mickey Rourke. Yeah. The reason why you feel like Mickey Rourke's come is Mickey
Rooney. Mickey Rooney. It's because it's actually Mickey Rooney. There was a woman. This woman was
in charge of milking him, milking Mickey Rooney. Coaxing Mickey Rooney's 80-year-old come out of
him. That was an important part of that film. It was like, oh yeah, Mickey Rourke. I'm sure it's
going to be white and frothy. It had to be like semi-transparent. It had to be Mickey Rooney's
come because only Mickey Rooney's come sparkles like that. With the sparkles of showbiz. Yeah,
I'm 35 millimeter. No comes sparkles like old Mickey Rooney, 80-year-old come. So I went with her
and she got drunk. She got so drunk I was embarrassed and she tried to schmooze everybody.
It was the fucking worst night. However, it was the Oscars where Woody Allen was there and
Sydney Partier was there. And I just cried the whole goddamn time because it was so amazing.
And also the in-memoriam thing always gets you. But like you said, this one would have been a real
road train for two reasons I could name. I don't know about these electricians that died, but
I know that. Anyone in the crowd know who else would have been in it? Like
Shirley Temple died this year? Since Caesar died? Yes. Jesus Christ on a cracker.
Okay, so I wanted to do this thing tonight. I was just thinking the green right before we went on.
I don't know how this will work, but well, let me explain that later actually because once I explain
it, we'll start doing it. But let me see. Have you guys ever watched Youngsters in the Crowd?
Have you guys watched since Caesar's, your show shows? Yes. Yeah, like that to me, like I was on
a tour bus. The guy that said yes was so old you could tell from his voice. At least 29. Yes.
That was Carl Reiner. I drink wine out of a box. But that shit is funny. Like since Caesar,
like oh my lord. And also people ask like who the funniest women you know? Like for me,
Imaging Coca. I don't know if you guys don't know her. We know her as the grandma on vacation
with your pal Chevy. But since Caesar, your show shows, holy smoke. Everybody watch it.
Download the holotapes and watch it. All right, so here comes the, I wasn't, I wasn't, I wasn't.
You got better things to do. Yeah. Well, I do. You're still crying. You're still crying about
Harold Ramis and you're fucking talking about Imaging Coca. No, I don't, I don't, I'm not.
You've never cried about another star passing before Harold Ramis? No. I was, I got bent out of
shape about Spalding Gray and I got bent out of shape about Hunter S. Thompson. But the reason
I got bent out of shape is that I felt like at the risk of sounding incredibly presumptuous.
I, not because I equate myself with these men, but because I feel a certain relationship to
them. I feel like maybe I'm a certain sub breed of the human species. I feel like there's a
confirmation there when these guys do, yeah, there's just a part of you that thinks like,
what is this sickness called life and how do you, how do you get out of it? How do you cure it?
And I, the guys that you really look up to when they, when they take that way out, I just, you
know, I don't want to hear, you know, bums me out. All right. But, but you don't have to mourn
because they fucking took off. They said goodbye. Like those are the friends I like.
I like an Irish goodbye, but, but, but Harold Ramis too young, too friendly. Hunter did the
thing where he killed himself, but also like in the kitchen where his family had to fucking scoop
him up and shit. Like, I don't do that. If you're going to blow your brains out, like do it in a
fucking, like in a plastic lined room, which a team of professionals get to clean you up before
your fucking daughter comes in. All right. Anyways. All right. So a couple of quick things before I,
I want to do an experiment tonight. I don't know if it'll work at all, but it's Oscar night.
I did, I did this, I went in, did I tell you guys I was gonna, I'm gonna, I did this. I went
in and did the DND book on tape thing. I did it. Yeah. I went into a little booth and I read a story
from the point of view of Diz Dorden, a famous dark elf from the underworld who walks the surface
world and who, and who doesn't want to be like other drow. And, and, and is like, seems like kind
of a Vulcan character and he has little adventures and I'm him reading the story. And then, and then
part of the story, he runs into a goblin and the engineer told me he's like, you just go in and
the engineer goes, look, here's, if you run into a word, you don't know how to say it. I'll, I'll
pull up a thing that is like a recording of a guy. So you go like, I, I went through the halls of
Mithral, all right, fuck it. And then the, and then you just hear in your headphones, Mithralador.
I went through the halls of Mithralador and I did the thing. But then, but then the guy also said
like, you know, you might encounter a goblin or two. You don't have to get too fancy. I, I, I
knew what he meant. I knew, I knew that Ice-T and David Duchovny probably fucking put too much mustard
on it when they ran into a goblin. I knew what he meant. I was like, I don't want to do that. I can
imagine David Duchovny like mustering a fucking goblin, but I'm, you mean David Duchovny, right?
David Duchovny motherfucking nobody. Uh, who are we still? I mean, maybe who knows? Can we get him
over here? Uh, but I, uh, get Duchovny on Harmontown. But I just found myself naturally, I was
reading the story and I was into the story and I was like, I, I pulled my bow string back tight.
The goblin looked at me, his leathery lips hissing in the white middle earth sun.
Please, old master. I'm like, that's the voice I did. I did kind of a, what do you, I mean,
what are you going to do? And the engineer was like, nice. He was into it. And I went through
the whole thing. It was like 52 pages. I did it in a couple of hours, but probably buck 20. And, uh,
he said I was the best. He said, because I understood the story. So I just picture a
steaming like, I was, oh, all right. So going across the river, the spirit animal followed me.
I don't know, it was fucking this shit doesn't. But I was like into it because
where is the story structure I attack got the felt ogre and then I, and then I would go back
and he was like, no, it's fine. I said, no, but the felt ogre is a different ogre. I should have
stressed Feld, but was the felt ogre I can see in my head. I know where, which ogre is where.
So when you, so when you buy that story from audible.com,
was the story called days and nights of a fucking dark alpha the white
middle-earth son I don't know it's at this get this character drizzed drizzed
door and he's like apparently the most written about D&D character I don't know
and they're I well we talked about this like will Wheaton and David to company
tell us shit I think there's any chance that they would have to do pickups
where you and iced tea and Dukovny would be in the same place we all have to come
in yeah the basic thing is if iced tea would play some of the ogres or the
farmers hey man we're looking for these ogres and I drew my bowstring back why
you drawing it back now because I because it's got a plus two under normal
conditions or do you have to save versus ogre enchantment a good point good
point in my in my largest fantasies Spencer is the dungeon master and you
Dukovny and iced tea are in a campaign together that would be yeah I mean that
would be a fucking do yeah because I see me like I drop my bowstring back and
special well you don't have a bow well you what the fuck
well like Spencer would just dispense I need like start rifling through my shit
like it's like I go like catch him and he'd go it's not it you know it's not
business it's personal or whatever it's all right so one more piece of celebrity
gossip Stephen Colbert loves community I just wanted to tell you all right who
cares he didn't say he loves Harmontown so what do we what do we fuck him
Dino went to New York he hung out with his old buddies Louis UK and Stephen
Colbert I texted Dino Stamatopoulos and I said you back in town yet he's no he
goes but I am going to the Russian tea room right now to have dinner with
Colbert and it was right at the time like it was mid-afternoon here which means
Colbert had just taped and they met at the Russian tea room and sat down like
my dinner was on Dino got to have a real Liam Neeson taken father fantasy
because his daughter who is now what 1516 which is a weird that she's old
enough now to be a Colbert fan that he took her to see Colbert and that during
the warm-up Colbert somebody some some snarky gentleman said like do you love
me more than anything or something Colbert said no I love this guy more
than anything and pointed at Dino and then started telling stories about Dino
in front of his daughter who clearly who's obligated to hate him you know but
but who is a big fan of Colbert and it's you know that's a cool story for a
dad of a teenage daughter all right anyways what do you guys care what the
fuck do you care so it's Oscar night it's Oscar night Tyler yeah Tyler Oscar
update all right best screenplay but 12 years of slaves sweet I haven't seen
but half of the nominated like major features I really liked her I thought
that was fantastic you know the great thing the fucking Oscars they let you
down every year that's just a pageant a goddamn garbage bullshit but the
category of best original screenplay like it's never I have never had a
problem with it like it always is actually the best original screenplay
because that's the one that was nominated because that's the award that
you're only going to win probably no I'm gonna adapt I'm gonna adapt your
your life but I haven't written my it's gonna be called 12 years of fuck a fuckface
I don't know when we became an old such an old-school comedy team all right we
we were having drinks the drawing earlier yes we were you that's part of
the thing is that it's Oscar day and we were we were drinking since I took a
big nap so I'm fine now but I was I was awakened from my slumber by Jared
Leto but like in the in the house well basically like I passed out on my bed
Erin was having a couple people over for Oscars so the tea it's it's playing in
the other room Jared Leto wins for best whatever an adaptation adaptation of a
person okay best adaptation of an actor so his speech like very it's very
tempered sapphire eyes beautifully sculpted eyebrows is wonderful flowing
long river runs through it were you awake during this was no I just well I
just this is what I see in my dreams but I was stirred because I was laying I'm
just I'm just hearing Oscar tripe I don't care and then he go because he goes
like thank you so much this award is important and it's heavy in my hand and
it's great wonderful award first heavy and then he changes gears he shifts on
his pelvis and he goes you know in 1971 there was a thing that happened and I
like my ears perk up in my sleep because I'm like okay here comes the age it comes
to the here comes the Argentina I don't know what something worthwhile I'm sure
1971 this thing goes over the bubble like he keeps talking and talking and
I slowly realized 1971 that he's talking about himself the creation of himself
his own birth I'm not kidding in 1971 a woman was a woman was admitted to the
hospital she had pains in her stomach and no the contractions were getting more
and more severe and she slowly her vagina thrust a naked young man into the
world he didn't know what we fell him are you fucking he didn't know what was
along his path but tonight is the end of that path and I hold the gold and I'm
wallaboo I'm making all of that up for real he he shifted gears it's like in
1971 and he wasn't he didn't then go on to talk about the Spanish Civil War or
something he didn't go on to talk about which was 30 years before that I knew I
knew you'd call me on that so I was like I bolted up because I was
like and and at some point he was like and then it's good to win this Oscar and
it's great my brother's out there in 30 seconds to Mars and it's great he
plugged his band no plugged his band I there's only one thing I like about the
story is that he's older than me I bolted up I was like he's 43 fucking the
world's my oyster this guy's handsome and Aaron Aaron but keep putting your hand
in my arm I drink more water like you could view that you can exactly yeah
you can still do it do some crunches holy fuck but he it was a like as far as
Oscar speeches you know you got Jared Leto who was the opener they've done a
healthy restructuring where they throw you a bone they give you the actors at
the top of the show now they start off with the biggies and then at the end
toward the end of the show right before I got in my car what's her name from 12
years a slave the girl who played Patsy I don't know her at the actress Tyler
what's her name hard name crazy name it's got an ad for net bronca one for
best supporting actress it was it was an intensely beautiful perfect four point
landing speech can you can we can you hear your impression of her she said
something like she's I mean I honestly more are way more articulately than I
could have ever put it she said something to the effect of we win these
awards for portraying people who went through a lot of fucking pain I actually
she said it really beautifully and and and just it was a really really good
speech it didn't go egregiously actory let's let's think about what's going on
in the Sudan or anything like that but it was absolutely about you know like
like like if it was it was good it was a nice sandwich of like those are good
acceptance speeches whatever you think about like these movies whatever you
think about this pageantry and who know like like I'm on your side if you think
it's all a bunch of horseshit however we all have this fantasy of because we
really do and that's what propels this thing like this this telecast this idea
this idea that we're one day going to actually be called up onto a stage and
being given a war and get to do this thing called an acceptance speech that
we're gonna either nail it or or not nail it have you fantasized you gave an
Emmy acceptance speech have you fantasized yeah and I kind of harmed it
you know like I for those of you who don't know I won an Emmy for writing the
Oscars yeah yeah never make the mistake of asking me if I've ever been to the
Oscars because I'll get to say oh yeah yeah I've been to the Oscars so much I
won an Emmy for it and my favorite thing about that is you saying like Dan went
and he won an Oscar I won an Emmy for writing the opening to the Oscars for
Hugh Jackman and he accepted the word and he said my acceptance speech for the
the Emmy for writing the Oscars is nominated for a Tony this is a live
performance that people liked it a lot if the governor's ball is any indication
I had a lot of famous people coming up to me going you're fucking awesome I was
like thanks famous guy I still got it or I now have it I don't know anyways I
was I don't know I don't know what we can do with this but we obviously have a
lot of like wonderful people here and they all came here instead of watching
the end of the Oscars I I don't know how to turn this into a game or a contest
or something but I thought we could do something where we could have people come
up and and I'm and not try to be funny like not try to be ironic but really
actually try as hard as they can to give a really like like a really good acceptance speech what
if you came up with categories and see if you named a category and see if
somebody would like to win the award for that category or ask somebody what
category they would like to right ask them what that I think I said we'll
start with that like what we'll ask people what category they'd like to win an
award for the an Academy Award and then we'll yeah right yeah sure okay so let's
go we got our usual suspects up here I don't think we should exclude them but
also I don't know how to do this how do you initiate this I would say you open
the bidding with a certain category and start not with not with the like the big
you know five or six categories maybe like you know best foreign feature
animated you think that someone's ambition does anybody here have a weird
category that they like other than best actor what's feeling you have to
foist it on people best best boy sound design you really want to win for best
sound design sometime okay okay well get well no let's give them a little bit of
lead-up what's your name Sam can I can I get your last name Sam
botstein okay Sam botstein so we'll we'll make up some other nominees and okay
and then you're so then you come up and like really honestly like your job isn't
to be funny if they're not laughing like like like honestly just just like
really from the heart like what you think like a good acceptance speech would
be we're not gonna yeah that's it that's we're gonna do a bunch of them and
you'll be the first and you'll be you'll be great all right so so here
presenting the hello Jared leto hi we're doing the celebrity man who am I
oh hey Dudley deadly Morse ghosts yes it's good to not be dead I like your
speech earlier it's a very interesting about your passage through your mother's
birth command thank you sound design is a crap without sound design sound would
be undesigned I just made us a fart sound right but that fart sound was
designed by some of the wizards electricians and sorcerers the nominees
for best sound design in a motion picture are for Franklin Joe Johansson for
1,200 feet above the sea
do you hear that which one hundred feet above the sea Sydney Johnson Francisco
for space nugget hold my hand charlotte charlotte fan
junior for spooky house did you hear that no oh shit wrong and Sam Botstein
Sam Botstein for four plywood memories keep prying it away I can't I can't it's 1820 you little piece of
shit you're starving yeah you did it and the winner and the winner for best
sound design in a motion picture is oh my god Sam Botstein it's really an honor
to be chosen from such amazing nominees working on such amazing movies like
Space Nugget and you know I really have to thank everyone for giving me the
opportunity to work on this why would memories you know in a world where we're
used to just hearing the same thing over and over again especially when you're
watching something about plywood you know it's just really an honor to you
know have anyone trust me with their film about plywood and you know just you
know trust me to make it come to life and thank you everyone for giving me
this opportunity and my parents my mother and father and everyone for really
believing in me thank you goodnight
it's good you can keep you know I keep it let's do another one yeah mostly I
think we're gonna delight in your your fake nominees but yeah I may have a
few surprises for us all right now name a category let's let's say we should we
open the show we said if anybody else want to like if they're pie in the sky
dream would be to win for a more like yeah I feel like we should make them up
too a specific category like I want to know what I want to know what beef cake
beef cake bill beef cake bill he's got the beef cake yeah he's endured a lot
he's beef cake bill if we do enough shows I end up a SpongeBob bill beef cake
bill do you have what category would you dream of it can be an existing one but
special effects okay all right let's give them as do all right all right could
you could you fantasize about giving an acceptance speech for a special effects
award against such illustrious nominees as ladies and gentlemen here to
announce the award she's been in all kinds of movies he's he's only burning
one please welcome Julie Roberts and Woody Harrelson hello Woody you know
jeweler it's amazing to be around all these people Woody I never realized how
weird your accent was until I started watching the the the new season of true
detective thank you whether it's a space ball a laser beam or a goose by
Death Star explosion the wizards that bring us the outer space galactic
electronics have been working with her seniors around and the nominee is for
best sound effects in a motion picture special effects Julia special effects
winter time tiger there's a tiger look out you shot the tiger good job super
argyle get these vampires out of my house let us in your vampires I will
come in through the door by turning into mist oh shit Scottish vampires I thought
you were Armenian vampires what did you say before nothing liar blue jeans and
sex a space story star date 12 still want to fuck some bitches oh I came the
Oscar goes to for blue jeans and sex beef fungus bill thank you thank you so
much I need to thank the people who helped me get to where I am right now
Alan Mackay who undoubtedly did all of the ashings in the vampire movie that
was announced and all the people who helped me explode every day exploded every
day on when working in for blue jeans and blue jeans and sex and will continue
to explode into the future so thank you so much that's cool that's cool he
really he really he really overcame his whole sex scandal that was going on
while yeah yeah he's been he's had a rough year I have an idea I want to do I
want to do one like somebody I want somebody to I wish there was a way to
like randomly just select people but you can just point a finger at some well
but yeah I don't want to make people I don't want to abuse people by making them
come up but I want somebody to come up and do like their their version of the
most controversial like the one that everyone will talk about the next day
like like like you know egregious if somebody you went too far yeah it could
be like you love me or you like me you really like me or it could be like could
be anything political whatever like why don't we just have Adam Goldberg do that
one are you willing to do this Adam assuming you're here what a word
category would you would you like to win for adaptive screenplay okay best okay
alright please presenting the word for adaptive screenplay here's Bill Murray
and I see whoa I see you see that's a nice nice hat you got there I the words
we use are often less valuable than the ones we use from other people that have
used them oh you sure said it the nominees for best adapted screenplay
40 times of a fuckface adapted from the Judy Blue novels by Spindilla Johnson
Gregory myth 10 and 5 K Johnson I don't know what's going on I'm turning into a
girl seasons change the adapted memoirs of Henry David Thoreau by Shane
Black Agnes Morstein and Fred Armerson for gravity I have a kid who died I
shouldn't I shouldn't have been on a NASA mission in the first place I'm an
emotional wreck also Hubble is way farther outside of orbits than any other
Russian satellite this is this scientifically makes no sense
axe grinder the Jeff Davis story
gravity is not enjoyable I demand that it here to my understanding of
aeronautics Dan Hyman and Rob Schrab from Monster House 2 adapted from the
novelization of Monster House 1 the house is a monster again well let's hang
out and talk about it again yeah not my not my idea
how's the winner and the winner for X grinder 3 plaster plaster face a story
from the spectrum adapted from the novelization of his own work Adam
Goldberg do you see me do you understand who I am you haven't won yet
motherfucker what does he know that we have a guy who thinks he's already won
it's a weird mother fuckers coming up starving the stage what a weird thing to
do to get up and thank you one there's already the ward already never wanted to
control the contents of an envelope more than my life I kind of hope he doesn't
win bad news bad news you've already read the envelope you can see through
the envelope with your laser I know I listen I hang with Smith Wesson and
Price Waterhouse the makers of guns and mannets shit man who are you again I'm
Bill Murray and you're rich in price right that's fucked up man all right so
all those people incredibly important in the work they do they all adapted
screenplays you want to recap the names of the seasons of winter plaster face
space dick master has three the adaptation of master has four nugget
trained the then the way outstanding a nominee winner goes to I heard about this
motherfucker but I always want to work with him Adam Goldberg I have to tell
people of the Academy something which is that heavily heavily plagiarized was my
story from plaster face I didn't see the king I wasn't in the king and I I'm not
six foot three girlfriend isn't Scottish and I'm a loser guess what America I'm
a loser and I won the award and you didn't you got to work tomorrow I don't
I have an e-business you're all probably poor and I don't care what state you're
in unless it's Massachusetts Hawaii in some parts of New York but not New York
City that went well well I thought we fucked him over because we are comedy
when it went over his job was to do the most controversial acceptance speech he
got better remember spike spike Jones one best screenplay we knew that Matthew
kind of hey one best actor best actor best director gravity okay gravity yeah
well shot well directed bad story stupid and boring fuck it fuck it super
dumb or dumb stupid movie stupid movie you don't send you don't send a crazy
lady up who had just recently had a child die you don't put her in charge of
the goddamn Hubble fucking space telescope it's not it's not it's not
it's George Clooney he's fucking look I love George Clinton he's great but so
many accidents happen in that fucking movie and then at the end when his toe
is hanging by a rope that accidentally tied around his foot and he's there he's
like just let go let me just do it on your own so at that point there's so
many fucking accidents that have happened why not just say fuck it stick
with me I'm accident lady and everything's gonna be fine and then she's
plummets to earth and she was not she's not gonna live and she lands 15 fucking
feet from a fucking coastline and what and where is she cancun it's not bad
weather it's gorgeous 15 feet further inland plunk into the sand dead 15 feet
further out eaten by a shark because of the seaweed almost killed her she almost
diced by seaweed at the end stupid and then my biggest beef with the whole
fucking movie with all the forget all the bad science she gets up and this is
glamour shot from the toes up he's standing there perfectly shaved legs
she's been in space as far as we're told for weeks and she are like just just
she just came back from fucking the wedding that's that's Jeff's biggest
beef like I know I've got bigger beef scientifically her hair does not move
and outer space everything else moves everything else moves her hair doesn't
move why hard to do also apparently hard to do write some fucking dialogue a
fucking job and oh I had a dream that George Clooney I am alive I'm here again
I came back because the story is only about a person that we don't care about
that much I'm a bit another person you don't care about them much I'm back
I woke up oh he's not there anymore as you fucking boo fuck that movie
fucking stupid movie also if a thing blows up in orbit it's gonna move in a
bunch of different directions the debris field does not move counter to the
to the fake orbit of Hubble which is so far out in space that it's the farthest
the fucking space shuttle mission is effort gone the Russian satellites not
gonna come at it so dumb and also in the Russian guy the Russian fucking
counterpart gets a bullet to the fucking helmet and it's just his head no he
would fucking disintegrate and evaporate in the fucking space it's just a
Russian guy with a bullet in his head stupid fuck it
make a movie about two people make a movie about two people who go to fix the
Hubble Space Telescope and make it call it lost in fucking space and then make a
movie about two people who have to actually go through what it's like to
be lost in space don't bore the fuck out of me with oh god fuck it
everybody really I'm surprised I'm surprised a mission specialist was
allowed out of the fucking vehicle with that much emotional trauma fucking
dumb
game of self his own music in the winner for most self-righteous Tyler why don't
you let's let Tyler do the honors come on up all right Dan want to weigh in on
that one well you guess booing I don't want to shame you for booing I mean at
least I did not see what was it called American hustle didn't see it
American hustle can go fuck itself yeah gravity as I said can go fuck
everything and have it should not have beaten 12 years a slave gravity can go
figure out what angular momentum is and have an angular momentum fuck it up the
fake space hole well what should have let's go to does anyone have a list of
the nominees can we go down and get the consensus of the crowd what should have
won her was nominated right yeah well let's let Tyler pull it up he'll be our
Oscar curator get him on like it's very very very interesting though I mean I
yeah yeah could you want to come up and grab a mic so that we can I don't have to
yeah so I don't have to move Tyler everybody hi all right the list of
movies for were nominated for best picture were American hustle okay Captain
Phillips right yeah Dallas Buyer's Club gravity her movie Nebraska I didn't say
it I didn't say it she was nominated actress in that 84-year-old lady she's
awesome filimino didn't say 12 years a slave and the Wolf of Wall Street yeah
I didn't see Nebraska or the other one I don't know man I like I saw 12 years
a slave I didn't I didn't see most of them I thought it was good but not great
I thought it was a good film but not like not a spectacular film but how good
does it need to be if Brad Pitt all of a sudden in the movie at the end that was
very silly and egregious but he's a producer on it and that helps get a
movie made in this day and age it was it wasn't the fucked up thing about that
well I'm curious to I want to read that guy's actual memoirs because is there a
is there an angelic like handsome like a guy from guy is just like all of a
sudden after all of this betrayal and you knew when the guy from Deadwood is
like in the barracks like he's from Deadwood don't like he played two
different guys in Deadwood and they're all bad guys like like don't trust him
he's white he's white don't get out of there it's such a heartbreaker like it's
so funny watching that movie in bed when you're eating a fucking hot wings and
they like just the thing like Aaron Aaron's comments included this guy can't
get a break and my personal favorite which I'd actually like to talk about
which is like after watching a little bit of fastbender in his ways this guy
loves having slaves which is which is actually important to talk about because
that was a I think that's why that movie was very interesting I don't know if
it's because of how it was written or directed or act I certainly the actors
are doing a fantastic job another question we both had while watching it
is what is it what is that set like when they call cut what the fuck happens
when you call cut on a set like that what I don't like any other set like what
the fuck do you do I mean it's probably not a spoiler maybe everybody's seen it
but the well slavery is abolished eventually it was labor loses but the
lashing scene when he went oh my god she gets when she gets lash and that like
the most most movies in my experience like like Denzel and Glory when he's
getting like lashes usually the camera's facing the person getting like getting
whipped yeah and and there's a lot of like horrible I think it for no other
reason when they when they when they turn the camera around and the the effects
the most brutal the most brutal visuals weren't the CG flesh openings on the
ends of the whip but actually right before that the aerosol mist of blood
coming off of backs the the the thing that was most striking to me about that
movie which has nothing to do with how it was written directed acted whatever but
the important thing that sunk into my 41 year old brain about American slavery
which was fucking a minute ago was it was commercial and on top of it it was
like untenable that like it was it was so psychotic the whole thing like every
character in that movie is protesting too much and like I always that my my
image as a child of the 70s is always a guy in a horse with a whip having the
time of his life while a bunch of people ruthlessly like you know just do things
that machines will one day be able to do and and it's horrible and they but but
the the the psychology of all of it it was like I kept I kept thinking throughout
the entire movie like Jesus Christ who the fuck thought this was a good idea
like everybody that's doing it the people that are profiting the most are
all tangled up in it like they they really need to say things to themselves and
to each other over and over and over again to make this all right and more
importantly like the the emphasis on commerce the idea of debt the idea that
this person it wasn't just a choice between is this right or is this wrong
because we as 25 year old hipsters we all go well the fuck's fun about having a
slave that's not cool that's not cool I didn't see any of the nominated films
but as far as that's concerned was there a dissenting voice at all among in the
movie at all among the people who are like just keep your head down don't do
this was there any sort of well is everybody what do you mean like like
like amongst amongst the titular slaves in the film were there any everybody
just people saying like like keep your head down like it's it's easier well
they tell the guy you can't forget you know how to read or write yeah he can't
even you don't tell anybody that you're literate because you'll actually end up
getting killed which is a terrifying belly of the whale realization that he
actually the key to his freedom that he thought was actually in his hand that
he thought couldn't be taken away from him that doesn't mean anything compared
to the color of his skin or the circumstances or what she was born so
in fact the fact that he's literate actually puts him in great peril and
and he walks this weird tightrope between it the the but the amazing like
like I just I was blown away like oh shit this was commerce this was buying a
Snickers bar this was this was the people kept saying I owe the the Shawshank
farm I owe them 50 redemptions for redemptions I have to I my crops aren't
just that it's at the emphasis on capitalism because that's what it fucking
is and that's the thing like we we pat ourselves on the back so much for like
outgrowing this concept but it's not it's just it's just barbarism combined
with rampant capitalism if you in case you if you're allowed to you will abuse
people there were there I this movie is nothing to do with the movie but I
experienced that epiphany while watching the movie even though I I thought I
understood that we had slavery and what that meant and why I should feel bad
about it and I but I kind of didn't and that and that movie made me kind of
think about it on a different level yeah I I sort of get what you're coming from
it in that I mean the stakes are different but sort of the the capitalism
involved in the machine is no different than what it is now except I do you think
that people at some one of them went to the numbers and went if we know actually
pay these people and give them wages they'll last longer they I'm sure it's
one of the time there was a cost analysis done went wait we can make more
money and these are you know our slaves or our people working for us will last
longer if we help them kind of along with a you know we don't have to keep the
bottom line doesn't go up that much more importantly if you were allowed to if the
law said that you were allowed to as as the as the superhuman Amish Brad Pitt
who comes in at the end of the end of the story comes in with this message and
says to this character if if tomorrow the law said that I was allowed to treat
you this way would that make it right and he can't he can't wrap his brain
around it because it's so it's so based on hatred I just the I was stricken by
the amount of work I don't know how much of it was based on reality with the
amount of work that went into for instance taking a lantern and going out
to your slave hut and having all of your slaves come into your house and do a
dance for you I that seems so much harder than just having slaves there's so
much work I wouldn't like it was insane how fucking like what there was there
wasn't about saving work he had a lot of free time come in come in come in the
house everybody dance come dance then they're doing a dance the dance has to
be taught to them you have to have a choreographer teach everybody and then
there's all this anger you're fucking that slave I'm not fucking that slave I'm
gonna throw a vase at her it's like like Jesus Christ they put a lot of work into
having slaves these people all right anyways it was I thought it was a good
movie I I I think it's really interesting like my first my first thought as
everyone's is is oh well if you make a movie set in this world you're not allowed
to not be nominated for an ask her much less win one perhaps if gravity is
nominated but I think it's interesting yes of course but I think it's very
interesting at what you do with that thought do you then like but you if you
go to rotten tomatoes and you look at the scores and you sort them by lowest to
highest like the people that I I out of morbid curiosity I went and looked at
the reviews of that movie like what are what are the big detractors of this
movies prestige saying and it's it's it's it's it's very strange I saw I saw a
guy with a one-star review of the movie saying this is this is pornography for
racists and soft-hearted lemmings and I don't I don't know if that's the most
profound thing in the world you can ever say are the most idiotic I don't know
what that is I think that person is generally saying oh this is this is
race bait I don't know I guess if you were trying to if you were to endow that
person with an IQ that's what they would I have to watch it again it's just a
clinically fucking exploration it's an adaptation of the memory it doesn't the
camera doesn't push down a bar while the Rolling Stones play it's not anybody
here first of all black or feel strongly about that film like for better
for worse anybody here we don't have there's no black people that come to
this podcast where's NT when we need him he's he's having an Oscar party are
you kidding me tonight's his night man the I yeah I just think I just think it's
weird like like the conversation that you have between somebody that would
bother to insist that that movie not be regarded well like at least at least a
film that that deals with important stuff like an actual like heavy matter
like wins and not some of the pithle that was nominated like yeah I'd rather
it's the only movie that's about class systems it's the only movie why aren't
the other movies why aren't the other movies dealing with the fact that there
are poor people being told what to do by rich people isn't that sort of the
point of the Oscar bait movie there was to sort of specifically go for the
things that are the hot button issues not to say that they did it just for the
purpose of the Oscar bait but that's sort of what that's that's films wheel
houses you want to kind of tackle big issues and bring to light it you know
things like that what was the film I'm really ignorant about it the the
documentary about Egypt and the the that when what what oh the act of
killing didn't win there a lot of lot of great documentaries the 25th
start was great but I'm sorry I the act of killing is I threw a shoe at the
TV I how give give give 20 feet from stardom remake it next year it's two
hours of people saying over and over again that it's hard to be a backup
singer I'm sorry it's the act of killing is a fucking exploration of of the
definition of good and evil and the human condition and our capacity to lie
to ourselves and each other 20 20 from stardom is fun you know during the
acceptance speech for 20 feet of stardom they brought one of the backup
singer speech and the last half of the acceptance speech was her singing about
how happy she was yeah I don't want to take anything away from no I mean it
was a good documentary yeah it was fine all those documentaries were great I
think I saw most of them but boy god the act of killing I felt like I wanted to
run out in the street and say this is the most important film I've ever seen in
my life because it's beyond Indonesia it's beyond it's beyond killing it's
it goes into like what the fuck what who are we we are insane we're insane we
are a species of fucking liars and and and just like we swallow it down and it
comes up through vomit you can come to the the point of the you know strong
issues documentary versus the interesting thing documentaries like is I don't
think that necessarily one is patently better than the other did you you saw
both of them did you think that the the the the the square was patently a better
I didn't see the square I didn't see it okay someone's raising their hand yeah
that's always good what's your name strike one he said I'm not black
but isn't 12 years a slave pornographic like wouldn't you agree with that
grab a mic and come on stage with Sam or if you want to get over Sam then we
can hear you if we have to proceed that we can we can hear you for the podcast
oh yeah take taking the very difficult position of yeah it would be easy to say
okay 12 years a slave is great movie but you're saying like intellectually yeah
it's just I mean slavery is pretty bad but that's a but showing how bad it is
yeah it's I mean that was the for me was the most like that the bad stuff the
pornographic stuff was the stuff that was like oh shit this is really good but
other than that that's it that's like it's I mean that's like in Korea like you
you put a film about the Korean war and like North Korea and the shit that North
Korea is doing that's gonna win the equivalent of the Korean Oscars which is
what by the way I want to know it's got it's called the squeegee
doesn't I don't know are you Korean I'm sorry was it racist for me to assume you
knew Sam are you Korean I am Korean yeah oh it was a bad movie but did you how
old are you can ask you seem young enough I can ask how old you are that's
racist I'm dirty all right yes no because congratulations thank you American
hustle talked about class in a way I mean I wasn't speaking of class somebody
the crap with black people better than I think 12 years a slave because I feel
like it was okay I think I understand the point he's trying to make in that
in that a lot of these films that are these sort of Oscar the ones that are
going after the heavy issues choose to depict these scenes that are very real
that were the actual parts of you know violent parts of our history you know
the dark parts of our history just to sort of to get the reaction of people to
get them to think this is something we need to consider this is something we
need to think about and that I would say I would say that that's sort of the
point of those films isn't it a sort of I think of a lot of the films in the
past like they show those scenes that are uncomfortable for the purpose of
like getting the viewer to sort of think about it and go look but Django did a
better job of that but Django obviously yeah it takes place in a mythical
universe that's the danger I think that I mean you're 30 I'm 41 I think that when
I think about the concept of slavery in America and the fact that the country's
built on it all this stuff it's like this is this is right back around the
corner but the fact that I'm able to actually like in a post roots post
fucking everything world like I was raised in the 70s on awareness of this
shit and yet I when I watch that movie I'm still I there is something about the
aerosol mist of blood coming off of someone's back that I didn't receive
through the movie glory with Matthew Broderick I didn't I did I needed to I
needed to be brutalized I needed to watch more pornography about slavery I
did I don't know if that makes a good movie or not but I don't I don't know
it doesn't make a best picture though I but compared to these other ones I'm not
sure I didn't see two of them but I'm not sure yeah I don't I thought I mean it's
the guys putting the camera in the right places as far as I'm concerned he
didn't do anything like you know yeah I mean it wasn't it wasn't like holy shit
what a what a rock star isn't that the point is some of these films then like I
was saying to use that depiction like to sort of jog the oh wait this is
something I need to pay attention to so they can get their message across that
sort of seems to be a common theme but with that hot button going around you if
you show up to that set you put your styrofoam cup of coffee down and you're
ready to do the scene with fastbender and these other actors pick up the whip
okay this scene you're gonna do this and that isn't that a good director isn't
that a good movie if if if those people are but Django should have won but
Django Django's just silly and gross like that comic book idea of the
of the big well I think this comes down but this comes into a very interesting
concept because it creates a dichotomy between good movie versus these things
that often the Oscars are celebrating which is conscientious for me if you're
gonna be conscientious and make important films like not documentaries but
like but but fictional or in this case you know an annotation of a real memoir
like a really like serious heavy stuff like for me and I'd have to watch it
again to talk intelligently about it I just feel like it missed for me in some
ways and I don't know what it was Django or no no fuck Django the 12 years of
slave and and and like lots of films like that they you can deal with heavy
stuff but I don't think it elevates itself to the level of like artistic
like like achievement and film like even if even if talking to slaves a really
good adaptation of that of that memoir which I've not read which I'm hoping and
assuming is you know riveting and better I think it misses on certain levels of
like in terms of making a great film but then what are we replacing it with
frozen like exactly what's what is a good movie forest gump what the fuck yeah
what are we talking about I don't know I mean like like these movies that win
every year and the notable exception is the category of best screenplay which I
truly feel but now the question is like like what you know hurry I thought was
it was it was it was a pretty moving important movie I don't I don't know
that's best picture material either but like would it would it film that one
best picture like some of the great ones of all time like what an all about Eve
or what a castle blanc could be recognized as even a movie anymore like
would people see it would people recognize it with the Academy look at
it like yeah I don't know what their job is anymore I mean it's an institution
this idea of this like prestigious thing they did this thing tonight where
they parade it out these this benetton kids where they were like they called
them team Oscar or something did you see what I'm talking about they had like a
decidedly multicultural multi-ethnic like group of 25 year old kids 20 year old
kids that they they taught I didn't even understand what it was there was like
during a dub soap commercial they started teaming it up and then and then
during this Oscars they brought them out there was like seven kids they were
like helping with the production or something I was at the kind of gesture
to them it was such such just proud of station lives which are like we're not
we're not an oligarchy look look at this look at this band of proletarians and I
don't know it was weird it was like it was like to during the pre-show was like
these two the two old white producers who throw the Oscars being like talking
to all these people over webcam like we're gonna have you and pick you and pick
you and you're working on the Oscars show them like yeah oh my god I'm on
Skype and the Oscars want me to want me to come be relevant by being on
broadcast television which gets less viewers than the YouTube guy who does
the history of dance this podcast will air after everybody's seen the Oscars
and heard about the results and people here either clearly don't give a fuck
because they're here instead of being so hooray for us first off for not giving
a shit about fake pageantry or just or a pageantry which is fake but
sorry I think I was just really uncomfortable speech about how Palestine
shouldn't be a state I know that look I don't know I just like I think the
bummer is that none of us clearly here have a real horse in the race we don't
feel like nobody feels you're right I went to Iran a great a great movie one
more a great movie lost I just I feel like it's just a case of a bunch of
movies that nobody gives much of a shit about we're all in the running for a
prize that means nothing when the victor doesn't like who gives a fuck
you're right I shouldn't have mentioned him
I mean Harold Ramis is dead like if Caddy Shack replicates these movies
fucking Caddy Shack man that movie stinks Caddy Shack fucking rules God
bless you Harold Ramis you know Caddy Shack that's not sure that's a shitty
movie everybody who has a line for that movie memorized as a fratty fucking
fuckface caddy Shack is dead funny man it's dead no noop yes noop noop that's
just Caddy Shack is like a weird fucking Bible for a fratty fuckface is
that no it's garbage so what so let's get laid
Rodney Dangerfield is wearing plaid pants it sounds like a great movie it's a
string of fucking like couplets just you like meatballs I do love meatballs
Caddy Shack is better than meatballs but but but I have the courage to acknowledge
that meatballs is not a good movie what was your name again sir sorry it was
Scott was Sam Sam let's let's let's Sam accept an award before he sits down
let's give Sam an award Sam do you want to pick a category or do you want us to
foist one upon you foist one all right Dan you want to foist yeah most racist
most racist let me let me do the yeah all right so we're presenting the award
for most racist writing acting or directing of a feature film variety or
comedy are Toby McGuire and Ben Kingsley when I'm not slinging webs I'm
slinging truth about race and ethnicity very well said Ben the nominees for most
racist film yeah our n-word to the friend word by LaCrestia Johnson
you don't know me I want to get to know you sisters of the river by Johnny Johnny
Johnny racist this river goes down where you can't imagine I know that shit Asian
ice cream by Yoshiro Yoshimoto I said I want pistachio you get out of my
store Mexican cream by Robert Rodriguez so sleepy yeah yeah it's it's a front
runner Ukrainian shithead Ukrainian I'm a shithead that's like a dark horse
candidate and Korean Swahili by Sam Chang Sam Chang pretty racist I don't
want you to to get me a glass of water I want you to want to get me a glass of
water fuck you bitch and the winner is Sam Chang first Korean Swahili
thank you hello that I pronounce that right hello people always say that the
Chinese are the same as Koreans and we are we come from we come from the same
place and I like to thank my mom and my girlfriend thank you thank you thank you
Sam all right Tyler any commentary no I don't know I just after that no nothing
what what a word of you I was wanted to win best costume design all right
presenting the award for best costume design here are Goldie Han and Goli there
are three kinds of what was the category of costumes I don't the only kind of
costume I need is one that has a blaster on my side the nominees for best
costume design so Victorian Sunsets by Leo Mario and Sanjay I noticed tonight
that your ball is very exquisite oh but it needs more fabric news boys
extra would you like a paper sir I couldn't possibly think of it my double
vested jackets too vested Sonya fuckface and Tony who gives a shit for
gravity I can't move in the suit hold on to my leg where we the stakes have
been higher Jeff Davis is watching he's got a notepad and a fucking like
trapper keeper with a rocket ship on it out Jesus Christ what's your last name
Tyler Giffin really racist story Tyler Giffin get this canal moving I'm
British I've got a pith helmet on and I've got to make it to the dance I'm a
masquerade person so a lot of costumes in it just imagine a lot of costumes and
the oh thank you very much wow you know when I can when I came in the first
thing I wanted to say wow I'm who I'm all over the place thanks you guys it's
really great to use my first time being here there's a lot of people here that's
a little uncomfortable I just wanted to say that when we were in England we
noticed that a lot of people were wearing clothes lots of clothes so we
thought if we could put as many clothes as possible on these people that I think
that would well represent the era so we just kept putting clothes on people
until we couldn't actually see the actors anymore and it worked thank you
thank you very much music is an important part of the cinema landscape
every every movie has a song and every movie with a song has a song in it here
presenting all of the songs from this year's nominations for best song in a
movie are is is Jeff Davis in a beautiful homage to all of the songs
what else
what wolf of Wall Street the guy is a street with the wolf and he's looking
for love and the twelve years of sleep and gravity here here presenting the
best critique of that presentation is Kumail Nanjiani
geez did you get here a bus huh Jesus Christ where were you dying up here oh
was it no I was uh it's just complimenting him say we missed you oh
no I ran soon as the Oscars were over I wanted to see well some of us came
before they were over yeah I'm here to tell you you can have your cake and eat
it too you could do both you don't have to choose you could do both here's it
well yeah you can record it here's a highlight from the Oscars that Aaron
notified me of Matthew McConaughey while accepting his award set his yeah
said his hero was him him ten years older yeah no I didn't get that right it
makes perfect sense like who's your hero me have you seen well why did why did he
think that then was a time to answer that question yeah you're sending a word
you're not being interviewed he liked that philosophy so much that he was like
tearing up talking about how he's his own hero that was his acceptance speech
yeah he won best actor good heavens where we fucking gone as a people well
but kind of he's fucking rocking it he's on fire if you can if you say
McConaughey's I'm gonna fucking stab everybody you know what you just gave me that we're in
the middle of a mcconaughey's mcconaughey's speaking of mcconaughey's
Camille I watched two and a half episodes of fucking true detective because of
you am I you don't like it two and a half episodes in I don't know yet I don't
know that I would continue watching if everyone I keep watching it gets good
yeah it's the best show yeah on TV okay you know why cuz we're in the middle of
fucking mcconaughey's right yeah it's a reconnaissance it's a mcconaughey's
Matthew is a mcconaughey's it's not Matthew reconnaissance Matthew
Rickon Matthew Matthew Rickon he's quite good in that show Woody Harrelson can go
fuck himself with a dumb accent what my girlfriend are watching it and we
actually were googling Matt Woody Harrelson jaw and jaw injury Woody Harrelson
car accident like why is he wrong I was making fun of your can I ask you a
question that's pretty good what you're doing right make a situations about the
way I speak on camera okay can I be can I be McConaughey or Rickon a haze I
don't know can you yes let's let's do a scene I've only seen two and a half episodes
of true detective let's do a scene where we're in a we're driving in a car that
is how they drive like like children all right for the podcast listeners I was
driving like a normal person left right left right left right that's the
street you're on oh wavy road so I'm assuming we're we just were at the scene
of a murder if you if you like now we're going to another murder okay so I'm
gonna do my best Matthew Rick Rickon a hey and you do your Woody Harrelson and
if you're going from a murder to another murder right you're between murder
Camille you you love the show direct us and give us a scene like tell us what's
going on in the scene and we'll portray that scene okay you have just seen some
horrific shit and you're you're you're you're McConaughey okay so you're a
little shaken by it and he's like this is what it's about this is how this is
how life is you know yeah I'm driving right I'm driving yeah you're driving
he does have permanent duck face what kind of sick son of a bitch does
someone glad you saw two and a half episode speak up motherfucker there's
mumble town mumble towns all right wait no mumble that's not fair you be Woody
Harrelson and Kumail be you guys you guys like to show I want I want Kumail
to be McConaughey no I can't do it I can't do it an accent all right I'll do
it I can't do it well you do an accent this is the one I can do I can't do it
I'm locked into this one man you think I got a choice about this shit if I could
talk like McConaughey wouldn't I talk like McConaughey all the time I can't do
an accent be be Matthew Pakistani hey all right so you want to be McConaughey
or Woody Harrelson well you're Woody Harrelson's unimpeachable I don't know
well I guess their silence was deference I don't know sounds as
consented okay so you were the silent ones you consented to what's about to
happen is what I'm saying I think they heard the word consent and assumed that
that meant that said people want to be raped or I don't know what that's on you
silence is consent is a phrase it's your own weird fetishes and perversions all
right Woody I'll be Woody Harrelson okay you're gonna be McConaughey do you
need time do you want to know I could go but you set the scene okay you've just
left this a shack and there's another little dreamcatcher weird wicker statue
thing and and the audience will probably wonder who gives a shit but you guys
are gonna explain why we should give a shit about more dreamcatcher wicker
statues okay also you're in a car and you're driving really hard like
string really okay he's driving hard yeah I don't drive I look out I look out
yes look I want guys before can we hold the roll can we keep rolling keep rolling
I was one word with the actors Matthew I want you to look vacantly into the
middle distance and Woody Woody I want you to mumble and overact with your
face and lips so do what you do do your thing would
and action sorry that's my bad
and cut okay good let's moving on we're moving on okay let's just turn it
around for first angle same scene reverse angle
just do the same thing when he I want you to mumble and overact
but gonna hey do your thing you ain't got no notes pardon me what notes so I
can't speak up and action that's my bad kind of sick son of a bitch ticks a
little girl puts his dick in her butt and puts antlers on her hand leaves her
in the middle of swimming pool you know we never looked at the girls but excuse
me if you have some kind of assertion about the way I conduct my business I
consider you keep it to your goddamn sale can I tell you something yeah what is it
I would like you to shut the fuck up I really haven't spoken very much keep
rolling keep rolling this is the this is the monologue this is the big Woody
Harrison monologue but if you want to go off book off script just do your woody
thing and give me the full Woody Harrelson take on life yeah whatever your
character what's your character's name flash Gordon rusty McTavish scooby
mcdubbles it's Marty right Marty all right Marty I think it's Marty right yeah
and I'm gonna just like sort of scoff at his philosophy without really saying it
okay and that's good because your monologue is right after his okay
tell you there's a big world full of pussy out there three different kinds the
kind that gives you a highway kind that gives you a bye away the third time
what's that's the kind you want it's the rest stop that's where you get love love
don't exist it's a mistake man-made now hold on a second you telling me love
don't exist you find it any science textbook you ever read I don't know if
you've ever read a book but if you had you might find it's not the periodic table
of elements so to speak I got a problem with the way you talk to me you got a
certain condescension about you certain heirs you take with me that I won't
abide do me a favor sorry no I want to respect you because clearly that's an
issue here it's the only issues I have are women dick pussy you could collapse
two of those they do the same I'm not condescending seems to me explain why
I'm condescending but I don't think you'd understand seems to me like this
killer is doing things because he's some kind of pervert all right he's not a
pervert Marty if anything he's a messiah
at least that's how he sees himself this wasn't about sex excuse me for missing
the part of the Bible where Jesus come down from the cross and diddle a little
girl with a corn cob don't want to be weird but right now it looks like you're
milking two cows question my space work graduated third level UCB got a giant
steering wheel later you two in my office now I want some movement on this
case so I'm gonna get some professionals in here to solve these murders how are
these two murders even related why are we following you around one murder and
then another murder and you guys I've seemed to have no leads at all for two
and a half episodes no leads at all I'll tell you something we're six episodes
in now and we still don't got no you put your spoilers on your badge and your
gun on my desk right now literally the opposite of a spoiler
so nothing happens in that show oh stuff happens they're just terrible at
policemen one guy's really good at being a policeman but terrible at like not
doing I've got one more question for both of you before I kick you out of my
office okay and this time for good why is it in Texas when we see all sorts of
weird shit where every other cop in the bullpen and every other actor standing
behind you and everybody every extra in this seems to look more like a policeman
than both of you to what makes you think you can be this good looking and mumble
that much I look like a policeman who had to lose a lot of weight for a roll in
Hollywood and I just gained a little bit of it back what role was that Dallas
Byers Bob oh I'm sorry I love that movie you're back on the case Woody I loved
you on chairs or Marty what is your name officer chief I've never hit a woman
well that's that wasn't the question Jesus Christ are you the murderer are
we gonna find out in episode seven that you're the murderer you did it right no
he did it I'm the chief of police he did it I sent you to lunatics out there to
solve a case that anybody could solve he clearly killed the ladies no the night
the murder happened we were hanging out and then he had to go do laundry you
said so he was doing a lot what kind of alibi is this a special god damn it
Pakistan hey if you weren't so good-looking
it's a Pakistani it's a good show I'm looking forward to it's a golden age of
television when it's a new thing about TV is it's not it doesn't it's it's about
it's now it's it's it they're owning up to the fact that these are just mini
series yeah this thing's gonna have an ending yeah it's great and if it's a
bad ending then he'll own up to it I'm Twitter buddies with the creator I don't
want to suffocate him we're friends he's a big fan of my work I don't want to
suffocate him you're a fan of his show no I hate his show what the fuck I was
gonna say a mumble brag because they mumble a lot in that shit I asked him I
asked I said there because I noticed he was following me so I started following
him and then I direct message him is this Nick Pizzolato yeah and I said hey
do you want do you ever want to hang out have a drink and or come on Harmon
Town and talk about that and he said in his response was I'd love to have a
drink sometime he won't be coming on the show have you met him in person no
okay but you will best friends it's a great show it really is I was hooked
from the beginning it didn't take me two and a half episodes I was I was into
I watched you in a half back-to-back I would have made it to three but I felt
sick cuz you know like 3 a.m. so I finally just like dozed off something
strange about a man that refuses to enjoy a TV show a lot of bad ones out
there a lot of good ones so what's the difference between one you choose to
accept why is he talking like that is it is that him doing an accent like he's
trying to be more Texan than what he also did he get in a horrible accident is
it me or is his nose he's not from nose is broken to like he has like a weird
scar across his nose and his nose he's making his bed for iconography I think
he wants to do impressions of him he's overacting and all the I really like
him in all that I fucking you're a son of a bitch Jeff your son of a bitch you've
you've been a curmudgeon he's the gravity of actors you're a curmudgeon you
don't like gravity I fucking hate gravity he went off on it for a million
minutes gravity it was all from watching again make them Dan you're a writer it's
not I'm a reader I'm not an aerospace engineer damn it Jim the science flaws
and they are totally like who gives a fuck what's a lightsaber I don't give a
fuck tell me the rules make them up the other sound in space if you say so George
Lucas like maybe tell a story there's no fucking movie in that movie it's just a
bunch of stupid it could have been caught I could have called I've been
called that drive driveway but they could have made a driveway movie I don't
understand why they make they could have made a driver movie it would have been
just as good or bad no it wouldn't have been it would have been worse you're
right it would have been worse only because the only thing good about that
movie is it happens in space but that's a lot of great thing to happen in a
movie certainly then give give give the cinematographer an award they did but
don't give anybody else an award in that fucking movie because a movie fucking
stinks it stinks nothing happens make a movie about lost in space it's exciting
material and Aaron keeps telling me I'm not a feminist just because I keep
saying Sandra Bullock's ass looks great at 50 listen they knew that her ass looked
great that's why yeah her ass was but not her whole ass that's that's that's
that's like I just I just know they didn't computer generate her ass you
get the end of the movie you you can air breath you can airbrush cellulite and
stuff or whatever but but but she I'm saying I don't I'm making a joke now as
that because it irritates Aaron because I keep saying like I'm a feminist because
I'm like you go girl it's funny to me I don't know I think the definition of
feminism has become very funny because it's about you consume media along with
everyone else and then based on whether you think the frozen lady should have
like worn one outfit or another you can call yourself a feminist people had
tumbler right right right to things and they go like oh Brit is the betrayal of
but I just think it's funny that we all consume media like a bunch of fucking
disgusting larvae like sucking on these tubes that come from the Ministry of
Propaganda and that the difference between a so-and-so and such and such is
people who go let's taste like vanilla I got a shamrock one I think it's silly I
don't think it's revolutionary to to post an emoji of an eye roll after
something that you didn't like on Deadwood I don't think that that counts
as progress yeah that's contributing yeah but gravity is not a good movie
frozen also did you float away in space would that I had come out with that I
didn't like it I did I had a great time at the movies watching it I thought it
was gorgeously shot and it is very sexy and good-looking and technically
wonderful I just think that they wasted an awesome opportunity to tell a story
about what that might be like thank you beef steak bills on my side all right
the elephant in the room is Spencer once again taking the week off yeah we got
kumail status now he comes and goes as he pleases we have a chair over there like
like that like that it seems like a packing tape on a block died there's
that photo of the microphone was nobody there I don't want to I don't want to
I mean should I see taking guys through a little two-person adventure well we
have we it's 949 right now I can do it in nine minutes all right let's do a
quick side thing unless you have a better idea no I think we should let's do a
little I didn't want some iced tea D&D real quick before we get out I could do
an Oscar rap I could do Oscar rap well why not do both let's see if an Oscar
rap goes anywhere okay are you want to be here should you do that to close the
show Oscar oh let's see if it closes the show all right go look like if we close
the show here then we all the sooner we get to go back and rent gravity on sliced
DVD or bluera let's see if the Oscar rap can close the show but if it doesn't
that will...
IceD.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, Oscar rap, yo, yo, yo,
Chattamiga awards, yo.
Yo, get those hands together, buddy.
The man who wrote two trackmens and the award-winning Oscar
rap, yeah.
Opening both songs.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's gonna give you an Oscar rap.
Yeah.
Center Phaser's on fun.
Center bollocks, it's stranded in space.
She doesn't know what to do.
She's got a can of mace.
She's got to spray her tubes all around.
George Clooney got a fucking mama like my name was Mickey
Rooney, got a thing around my foot, got an earth in the
distance, a bunch of mama like my name was Herbie Instance.
All right, OK, all right.
That's obviously, you can see the writing on the wall there.
So I'm gonna keep making up new last names.
To rhyme, to rhyme with it.
And the name you made up was Herbie Instance.
These are those as the name.
The first one could easily have been a name.
Dan, what we haven't done is you accepting an award.
What award would you accept?
Best person.
All right, well.
Best rap and a major motion picture.
Best, somebody in the audience yelled best.
OK, best rap.
And I'll do each rap for each of the nominees, too.
But you and Camille have to present them.
But you picked who we are.
This is going to be the ultimate improv bet, OK.
You and Camille are.
The presenters, you pick for the best rap.
OK.
Dan, you announce us who we are.
You throw it to each clip.
Do you understand?
Yes, yes, yes.
All right.
Dan, be the, be the announcer.
OK.
And he's going to say who we are.
Oh, presenting the award for best rap and a motion picture.
Here are Dr. Smith and Mr. Pickles.
I want to be the doctor.
You know, Mr. Pickles, when I was a boy, rap was a thing
that you put on food where you wanted to store it for another
day.
I remember the first time I heard one of these talk songs.
I thought it was a bunch of bullshit.
But now there's a whole category.
So, eh.
And the nominees for best rap, song, and a major motion picture
are Mr. Fistabut in Gravity.
Yo, yo, can't fly.
I've got to float through the outer space sky.
I want to, I can see Africa below me.
But I, I can't puke and I can't even pee.
I'm Sandra Bullock in the house and my name is Space Lost.
I fucked your mama because my name is Bob Ross.
I don't know if that one's going to win.
I don't know if that's going to win.
Next nominee is The Butt Candle Remix from Wolf of Wall Street.
Yo, butt candle, light in the handle.
I got a wick inside my rectum.
I fucked your mama so hard I started to rectum.
It seems like the same word, but I fucked your mama so hard
my dick was a turd.
I put it up.
Very moving.
Brad Pitt and The Funky Bunch from 12 Years a Slave.
Yo, yo, slavery's wrong.
Yo, that's the name of the song.
Brad Pitt and I'm here to say I'd like to deliver your letter today.
You can trust me, I'm a good white man.
I'm going to do right, man.
Let's finish this gazebo, but chibo.
Johnson is coming by later.
Our next nominee is Maybe Slavery Wasn't So Bad from 12 Years a Slave.
Hey, whoa, hey, yo, hey, whoa, hey, it saved money.
And Ice Tea in Snowman Titties is Mighty Cold from Frozen.
Oh shit, these globes push them together.
Frontal lobe's gonna icecapade, gonna go to my dick.
I want to suck your titties till the saliva's slick,
but then it freezes, my tongue's stuck on it.
I fucked your mama so hard, my name is Henry Bonnet.
Yo, yeah, gangster rapper.
Put my tongue on your little nipple.
I'm gonna put my hand in, it starts to slipple down.
Makeup words.
Yo, my dick is like a turd.
Boy, I'm just in the audience.
I'm on the edge of my seat.
I don't know who's gonna win.
All right, should we?
And the Oscar for Best Rap Song in a Major Motion Picture goes to...
Ice Tea for Snowman Titties is Mighty Cold from Frozen.
Yeah.
All right, yeah, thank you.
All right, sweet.
This good Hold This Award is made of gold,
but not the kind that's important.
In 1938, Amanda T. squirted a fetus out from a baby.
A fetus out from her vagina into the world.
And its hand immediately grabbed a microphone.
What came next was Kismet.
I recorded my first album in 1948,
and I've been kicking out the jams ever since.
Charles N. Heston tried to stop me and couldn't.
I was in Trespass, New Jack City.
I had a featuring appearance in Mr. T's comic book,
which I didn't agree to initially,
but signed off on later after I saw it.
I'm proud.
I digress.
You know what? AIDS is bad.
Wait, hold it.
Oh, shit.
Yo, yo, AIDS is bad.
Yo, the worst disease I've ever had.
It attacks your stem cells and gets in your white cells.
I got your T cells in all your HIV.
It's the worst way you can ever be.
It needs to be health care.
Yo, go up the golden stair to the heaven where there's too many angels,
too many wings, and too many angels.
This show is dedicated to my friend,
my friend, my friend Angel.
Everybody's going to be at the gate.
Yo, AIDS.
Yo, AIDS is bad.
Best worst disease I've ever had.
It gets in your blood and makes more of itself.
You're about to leave.
I want to put HIV on the shelf.
It's too many angels in heaven today.
I want to fuck, I want to stick up for the gaze.
It's enough fucking bad disease.
Yo, get it with ease.
No, but you shouldn't.
Don't get it.
Wait, you're all allowed to stand up and walk out of the building.
Yo, can't leave if you leave.
You love AIDS.
Yo, AIDS rap.
That's not true.
AIDS rap because I'm here to say my name is Ice T and I'm going to rap all day.
I'm going to rap till midnight for the next two hours.
AIDS is my lyrical flower.
It's going to grow up from the soil of my mind.
Dropping science is what you will find.
Ice T and I'm rapping by AIDS.
Going to put it in the garbage called Rubbermaid.
Going to lift the cover, put it inside.
Fuck your mama, tell her butthole was wide.
What's this bitch whispering to you?
What's she think she's going to do?
Ain't nobody going to leave till I'm done.
The movie is coming out of South by Southwest this weekend.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
AIDS is bad.
Yo, worse disease that you ever had.
Yo, yo, yo, AIDS is bad.
It's the worst disease that you ever had.
Number one killer of the best people.
Church, open the steeple.
Let them, let them inside.
Put your butthole open wide.
You got to, AIDS, AIDS is bad.
You got to, worse disease that you ever had.
Why is nobody leaving?
You got to get a cure.
Ice T is the number one.
Original gangster, come on down.
AIDS gets a crown.
Yo, it's Oscar night.
He's doing it wrong.
Red carpet for AIDS tonight.
You got to, you got to get an award.
Fuck your mama, what you think is a solo?
Red carpet for AIDS.
Red carpet for the AIDS tonight.
Show's fucking over.
Come to Harmontown in South by Southwest.
Tell all your friends.